c:\users\maxia\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\bin\Debug\Gestion-Proyectos.exe.config
c:\users\maxia\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\bin\Debug\Gestion-Proyectos.exe
c:\users\maxia\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\bin\Debug\Gestion-Proyectos.pdb
c:\users\maxia\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\obj\Debug\Gestion-Proyectos.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\maxia\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\obj\Debug\Gestion_Proyectos.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\maxia\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\obj\Debug\Gestion-Proyectos.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\maxia\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\obj\Debug\Gestion-Proyectos.exe
c:\users\maxia\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\obj\Debug\Gestion-Proyectos.pdb
c:\users\maxia\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\obj\Debug\Gestion_Proyectos.FormPrincipal.resources
c:\users\maxia\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\obj\Debug\Gestion_Proyectos.FormAdmin.resources
c:\users\maxia\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\obj\Debug\Gestion_Proyectos.FormPrueba.resources
c:\users\maxia\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\obj\Debug\Gestion_Proyectos.FormUsuarios.resources
c:\users\maxia\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\obj\Debug\Gestion_Proyectos.FormProyectos.resources
c:\users\maxia\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\obj\Debug\Gestion_Proyectos.FormFamilia.resources
c:\users\maxia\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\bin\Debug\BE.dll
c:\users\maxia\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
c:\users\maxia\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\bin\Debug\BE.pdb
c:\users\maxia\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
C:\Users\maxia\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\bin\Debug\DLL.dll
C:\Users\maxia\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\bin\Debug\DLL.pdb
C:\Users\maxia\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\bin\Debug\Common.dll
C:\Users\maxia\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
C:\Users\maxia\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Gestion-Proyectos\Gestion-Proyectos\obj\Debug\Gestion_Proyectos.FormLogIn.resources
